Add "Importing projects to VSCode" tab and Commonly used IDEs table (#512)
vaadin/docs: articles/guide/importing/index.asciidoc

[.lead]
Once you have downloaded and unpacked a starter application, you are ready to import it to your IDE.

See <<{articles}/guide/start#, Starting a Project>> for instructions to creating or downloading a starter project, or creating one from a Maven archetype.

== Commonly Used IDEs

> To help you decide whether to use your prefered IDE or one that is better suited for work you will be doing, we have created the following table to illustrate support for both Java and TypeScript in the most commonly used IDEs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Different IDEs have varying support for Java and TypeScript.
The following table gives a rough evaluation of language support in the most commonly used IDEs.
```
